README.md, before:

:us: [:jp:](./doc/ja/README.md) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler) ![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/dmm-crawler.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/sachin21/dmm-crawler/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sachin21/dmm-crawler) [![Gem](https://img.shields.io/gem/dt/dmm-crawler.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/dmm-crawler)

# DMM Crawler

## What is DMM Crawler

Show DMM and DMM.R18's crawled data. Now, All rankings for doujin is crawlable.

## Installation

On your gemfile.

```
gem 'dmm-crawler'
```

## Usage
From the bot in invited Slack's room.

```ruby
require 'dmm-crawler'

include DMMCrawler

Ranking.new(term: '24', submedia: 'cg').arts

# =>
# {
#   title: "title",
#   url: 'URL for title',
#   image_url: 'Link to title's main image',
#   tags: ['tag1', 'tag2']
# }
```

For example, Above command will show the doujin cg 24's ranking.


## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Improve readability of about arguments

README.md, after:

:us: [:jp:](./doc/ja/README.md) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler) ![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/dmm-crawler.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sachin21/dmm-crawler) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/sachin21/dmm-crawler/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/sachin21/dmm-crawler) [![Gem](https://img.shields.io/gem/dt/dmm-crawler.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/dmm-crawler)

# DMM Crawler

## What is DMM Crawler

Show DMM and DMM.R18's crawled data. Now, All rankings for doujin is crawlable.

## Installation

On your gemfile.

```
gem 'dmm-crawler'
```

## Usage
From the bot in invited Slack's room.

```ruby
require 'dmm-crawler'

include DMMCrawler

Ranking.new(term: '24', submedia: 'cg').arts

# =>
# {
#   title: "title",
#   url: 'URL for title',
#   image_url: 'Link to title's main image',
#   tags: ['tag1', 'tag2']
# }
```

For example, Above command will show the doujin cg 24's ranking.

### Available arguments
- Arguments for the term is able to use `all, comic, cg, game, voice`.
- Arguments for the submedia is able to use `24, weekly, monthly, total`.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
